Brainworms - The often unintentional internalization of transphobic ideas and terms
that results from consuming harmful content. Within the context of 4chan, it refers to
the increased dysphoria, body dysmorphia, and general insanity that commonly occurs
when you start using and understanding absurd terms such as "Gorillamoding AGP
Giga-rapehons". This entire dictionary will likely give you some amount of brain worms.
More succinctly, brainworms are internalized transphobic ideas common to 4chan and
adjacent communities, propagated by trans people.
MTF - a male to female transitioner, a trans woman.
AMAB - Assigned Male at Birth
Alice - A common name for trans girls, is memed within the phrase "take your pills
alice!"
Boymoder - A usually younger transgirl who is in the process of transitioning or
desires to transition, but is still presenting as a boy and has not yet fully come out.
Manmoder - a male to female trans woman who is still presenting as a masculine
male. This term is used in contrast to boymoder, who are considered to be more
youthful, effeminate, androgynous, and cute.
COGIATI - COmbined Gender Identity And Transsexuality Inventory, is a test
developed by webcomic author Jennifer Diane Reitz, a transsexual woman who
designed it "specifically for the uncertain pre-transitional Male-to-Female gender
dysphoric".
Discord tranny - A trans woman who spends far too much time on Discord, an online
instant messaging app.
Female brained bottoms - A bottom who has the brain and general personality of a
female, usually referring to that of a trans woman.
Gorillamoder - An extremely masculine trans woman who is likely very large and
hairy. If they were to call themselves a twink pre-transition, gay men would tell them
they were more akin to a bear.
IWNBAW - I Will Never Be A Woman.
MTFTM - a male to female detransitioner. They went from M to F to M.
Tranny bangs - the bangs that trans women often adopt into their hairstyles to hide
their higher hairlines, masculine brow ridge, and widow's peaks.
Transbian - a trans woman who is attracted to other women, particularly other trans
women.
Transfem/Transfeminine - A trans person who leans towards or identifies with
feminine gender identity and presentation.
YWNBAW - You Will Never Be A Woman.
Hon - A slur for a trans woman who does not (or cannot) pass.
Susanspalace - A legacy forum for transgender women, usually older in age. The slur
Hon was originally coined to mock users of susanspalace which refer to each other as
"hon", being short for "honey"
Boomerhon - A trans woman who does not pass due to transitioning at a very late
age, to the point where they might be considered a "boomer".
Brick/Brickhon - Brick is a body type that means that your shoulder width is the same
as your hip width, without any particularly prominent body area. A brickhon is
somebody that looks like this to the point where they believe they cannot pass as
female because of it.
Cinderblock/Cinderblockhon - An extreme version of a brickhon. Implies a brickish
and very rectangular body with no curves, to the extent that it prevents a trans woman
from passing.
Funhon - a non-passing trans woman that improves her social standing by telling
jokes and making funny faces. This seems to be the trans equivalent of having a funny
fat friend.
Gigahon - A trans woman who is so extremely masculine in general appearance and
bone structure that they could never possibly pass as cis.
Heighthon - A very tall trans woman who believes she does not pass due to their
extreme height.
Hondose - A dose of estrogen that is too small to result in effective feminization,
usually due to WPATH recommendations that trans women be treated to reach adult
woman levels of estrogen and testosterone, rather than pubescent levels. Also called
'Starter Dose' or 'Underdose'
Honfidence - The carefree confidence that is often perceived to be possessed by
trans women who do not pass.
Honmoder - The act of openly living as a trans woman who does not pass.
Honscience - Claims about endocrinology and hormone medication that are believed
to be incorrect and only propagated by non-passing trans women, regardless of their
actual veracity.
Innerhon / Outerhon - An "innerhon" is a person who does not pass in terms of their
personality but does pass in terms of their appearance. In contrast, an "outerhon" is
somebody who doesn't pass in terms of their physical appearance but does pass in
terms of their personality.
Rapehon - A slur for non-passing trans women that is purported to have a desire to
sexually assault cis women, correlated with their non-passing status. This term is
usually used in a sarcastic manner and is generally not to be taken literally.
Reddithon - A trans woman who uses mostly Reddit, as opposed to 4chan or any
other social media website.
Ribcagehon - A trans woman who doesn't pass or thinks they can't pass because of
their large and overly masculine ribcage.
Shoulderhon - An MTF who feels they cannot pass due to their large and masculine
shoulders.
Twinkhon - A trans woman who does not pass but is not overtly masculine in the
traditional sense and would likely meet the definition of a twink if they were a gay man
instead.
FTM - A trans person who was assigned female at birth but identifies as male. A trans
man.
Ayden - A common name for trans men, is memed within the phrase "take your shots
ayden!"
Gayden - A derogatory term for a gay trans man.
Dood - a term for making fun of how some trans guys say dude to each other all the
time as if it's their first time ever using the word. Analogous to young people that learn
to swear for the first time and overcompensate by saying fuck nonstop.
FTFemboy - A Female to Male transperson who retains some amount of femininity
and presents as a feminine boy.
FTMTF - A Female to Male to Female trans person, essentially an FTM who
detransitioned.
Girlmoder - A trans man who is still presenting as a girl as they have not fully
transitioned yet or are not ready to fully come out of the closet, or a trans woman who
is presenting as female in public after previously presenting male.
IWNBAM - I Will Never Be A Man.
YWNBAM - You Will Never Be A Man.
Transmasc/Transmasculine - A trans person who leans towards or identifies with
masculine gender identity and presentation.
Poonbro - the equivalent of calling a person "dudebro", but for non-passing trans men.
Pooner - A slur for an FTM who does not pass as male. The FTM equivalent of a hon.
AFAB - Assigned Female at Birth
Shotamoder - A transman who passes as male but due to their diminutive stature, is
often mistaken for a young boy.
Tomboymoder - An FTM who is not yet presenting as entirely male but is instead
presenting as a tomboyish girl.
NB - a person who identifies as Non-Binary, neither male nor female. This is often
pronounced as "Enby".
GNC - Gender Non-Conforming
Theyfab - Derogatory term for a person that was assigned female at birth and now
uses they/them pronouns or is nonbinary.
Theymab - Derogatory term for a person that was assigned male at birth and now
uses they/them pronouns or is nonbinary.
Negative androgyny - A negatively androgynous person has a roughly equal balance
of undesirable stereotypical feminine/masculine traits. This could be in terms of
personality or appearance.
Positive androgyny - A positively androgynous person is someone who has a roughly
equal balance of desirable stereotypical feminine/masculine traits. This could be in
terms of personality or appearance.
Trans - A more modern term that refers to anyone under the transgender, transsexual,
transvestite, and nonbinary umbrellas. Intended to be a shorthand for the term
transgender.
Tranner - A trans person, especially an MTF trans person. Originates from 4chan and
typically refers to trans people from 4chan specifically, mimicking 4chan slang
"channer".
Transgender - A person who does not identify with the gender they were assigned at
birth and takes efforts to transition into the gender they do identify with, which may
include social, legal, and medical transition. Transgender is a more modern term
coined in the 80s and popularized in the 90s to help bridge the transsexual and
transvestite communities, by recognizing commonalities between them and enabling
"transvestites", formerly barred from receiving HRT due to not wishing to pursue
bottom surgery, to undergo medical transition through the insurance system.
Transsexual - An older term for trans people coined by Magnus Hirschfeld, who first
documented trans people in the West. Transsexual people experience a gender
identity that is inconsistent with their assigned sex and desire to permanently transition
to the sex with which they identify, seeking medical assistance to help them align their
body with their identified sex or gender. Formerly used to refer to only trans people
who pursued bottom surgery, currently used more flexibly to refer to anyone who
medically transitions.
Transvestite - Transvestism is the practice of dressing in a manner traditionally
associated with the opposite sex. An older term for trans people coined by Magnus
Hirschfeld, to distinguish between Transsexuals, who were interested in pursuing
bottom surgery and medical transition, and those who merely dressed up as the
opposite sex.
Transsexualism was used to refer to those who were interested in the sex of the
opposite gender, and transvestism was used to refer to interest in the clothes of the
opposite gender.
Many people formerly considered Transvestites did identify as the opposite gender,
and did undergo hormone replacement therapy. The term Transgender was later
coined to bridge the gap in the community in order to refer to everyone who identified
as the opposite gender, rather than separating between sex and clothes.
Troon - Transgender Goon. A slur used for transgender people originating from
Something Awful, but now largely used by the Kiwifarms and Lolcow communities.
Trooning out - The act of becoming trans, publically starting your transition, and
irreversibly realizing you are trans. Carries the connotation that doing such is
shameful, or that the trans person lacked agency in their realization.
T4T - Trans for Trans. This refers to trans people seeking other trans people for dating
or hook-up purposes. It can also refer to an attitude of general solidarity between trans
people supporting each other.
Deadname - A person's birth-assigned name from pre-transition.
Youngshit - a person who transitioned at a very young age, to the point that it gave
them a perceived unfair advantage in their ability to pass.
Midshit - A person who transitioned at an age somewhere between that of a youngshit
and an old shit. This was generally considered to be 20-30 but has been memed into a
much younger age and differs wildly, depending on who you ask.
Oldshit - A person who transitioned at an older age to the point that it gives them a
disadvantage in their transition and general passability. This used to be considered
around 30+ but has been memed down to around 16+, depending on who you ask.
Turboyoungshit / Gigayoungshit - A trans person who transitioned at an
EXTREMELY young age. They likely started blockers as soon as they hit puberty and
their endocrine systems were never even touched by anything aside from cross-sex
hormones.
Jurassicshit / Ancientshit
Truscum - Short for "True Transsexual Scum", A trans person who believes that you
need dysphoria to be trans or that transgenderism is a serious medical issue and
should thus be treated as such. Truscums often hate people who hold beliefs such as
gender being a social construct and xenogenders being valid.
Tucute - Short for "too cute to be cis", a term used by truscum transmedicalists to
imply any non-dysphoric or xenogender trans people aren't real trans people and are
just identifying as trans to be "cute" or "trendy." Usually applied to afab nonbinary
people or non-transitioning trans men.
Trutrans - A person who believes themselves to be genuinely transgender in contrast
to other people who are believed to be faking.
Trender / Transtrender - A person accused of claiming a trans identity to be
fashionable, rather than because they are actually transgender. They are often said to
not experience any real discomfort with their assigned gender and often do not take
active measures to pass as the gender they identify as. Xenogender people are also
commonly accused of being trenders.
Hugboxing - A pejorative term for affirming someone regardless of their appearance.
Hugboxing is a type of Toxic Positivity, where negativity, criticism, or concern is not
allowed, even when it is specifically requested by the subjects being discussed. Many
trans people develop brainworms due to seeking more edgy communities out of a
distaste for communities that hugbox.
Blanchard - A sexologist who is largely discredited within mainstream science. He
came up with a typology of trans women that breaks them into Autogynephilia (AGP)
and Homosexual Transexual (HSTS).
AGP - Autogynephilia, a pseudo-scientific term that is part of Blanchard's typology of
transsexuals. Purports that trans women who are bisexual, asexual, or attracted to
women transitioned primarily to fulfill their sexual fetish of being perceived as a
woman.
HSTS - Homosexual Transexual, a pseudo-scientific term that is part of Blanchard's
typology of transsexuals. Under his typology, Homosexual Transexuals are supposedly
homosexual people who transition in order to attract straight partners. Ie. lesbians who
transition to men to attact straight women, or gay men who transition to women to
attract straight men.
Erotic Target Location Error - A hypothetical paraphilia relating to arousal at the idea
of one's self as something else, such as autogynephilia or autoandrophilia.
Meta-Attracted - A part of Blanchard's pseudoscientific typology of transsexuals.
Proposes that bisexual trans women are autogynephilic straight men that only appear
to be attracted to men, because they are actually fulfilling the sexual fetish of seeing
themselves in a feminine sex role. This helps make Blanchard's typology unfalsifiable
by proposing that exceptions to it are simply lying.
AAP - Autoandrophillia, a pseudo-scientific term that is part of Blanchard's typology of
transsexuals. Blanchard does not believe this is real, and proposed it merely to satisfy
a gender parity with AGP. The paraphilic tendency of someone assigned female at
birth to be sexually aroused by the thought of becoming a male.
AGAMP - autogynandromorphile. A person who fetishizes the idea of becoming a
trans woman or a woman with a penis, and then transitions with this sexually gratifying
idea as their primary motive.
AGAMPP - autogynandromorphophile. A person who is attracted to AGAMP's.
AGPP - A person who is attracted to AGP's.
AHE - Autohomoeroticism. The sexual fetish of being attracted to yourself as a gay
man, usually from the perspective of a woman or trans man.
ASE - Autosaphoeroticism. The sexual fetish of being attracted to yourself as a lesbian
woman, usually from the person of a man or trans woman.
MEF - masochistic emasculation fetish. A specific variety of AGP where the individual
sees femininity as degrading and gets turned on by being a failed male.
GAMP - Gynandromorphophilia, men who are attracted to trans women that have not
had bottom surgery.
Ego dystonic autosapphoerotic synesthesia - Term invented by Cinderblockhon to
create a pathologizing explanation for her dysphoria that precludes her from being an
ordinary trans woman. It is likely Blanchard-inspired.
Blanchtard - A trans person that unironically believes in and advocates for
blanchardian theories.
Chaser - A man that fetishizes trans women, often to the point of objectifying them.
They often turn out to be repressed trans women themselves.
Diapertranny - A trans person (almost always a trans woman) who wears diapers for
sexual gratification and often also likes to act as if they are a baby or young child.
These people often consider themselves to be part of the "ABDL" community (adult
baby diaper lovers). For unknown reasons, within the ABDL community, there are an
extremely disproportionate amount of trans women in comparison to cis women.
Fujoshi - refers to women who love yaoi (hentai porn which focuses on gay males).
Fujoshi typically self-insert as the twink, or imagine one of the couple as a trans man
receiving PIV sex or getting pregnant, etc to be more 'relatable' to their actual
romantic/sexual experiences.
Sissy - Sissy is a derogatory term for amab people who are perceived to fail at
performing masculinity. Sissy is also a fetish term referring to obtaining arousal through
shame associated with femininity. The sissy fetish typically involves exaggerated
femininity being forced onto an unwilling subject for that subject's arousal. It typically
involves fancy dresses with lace, ribbons, petticoats, etc.
Sissy Hypno - A genre of pornographic video and audio that is purported to hypnotize
a subject into becoming a sissy, transgender, or a woman in order to obtain sexual
arousal.
Boypussy/Bussy - A cis boy's butthole in the context of anal sex or a trans man's
vagina.
Boyremove - This usually refers to the act of a transgirl being dominated and
overpowered by a masculine sexual partner, such that they feel so feminine in
comparison that their socialized "boyness" becomes removed during the process.
Boysmell - The smell of a boy. The process of transitioning can make this smell more
appealing and arousing.
Boywife - A male that assumes the more feminine and submissive role within a
long-term committed relationship with another more masculine male.
Femboy - A young man or boy who is generally considered to be naturally cute or
androgynous in their form, while also presenting in a feminine manner.
Femman - A more masculine-bodied male that uses some amount of female gender
presentation.
HRT femboy - A feminine male that uses HRT to maintain or enhance feminine
features without identifying as a trans woman. They may use alternative hormone
regimens to maintain this, such as SERMs, notably Raloxifene.
Twink - An attractive, boyish-looking, young gay man. The stereotypical twink is 18-22,
slender with little or no body hair, in good physical shape, and sexually submissive.
Twink death - The idea that as twinks become older, they lose their boyish aesthetic
and therefore gradually stop being a twink. See gay death.
Twunk - a combination of a twink and a hunk. A twink who has bulked up and is more
muscular in his physique.
HRT - Hormone Replacement Therapy, a pharmaceutical medication that replaces a
person's natural hormones with those of the gender they identify with. Allowing them to
go through specific physical changes that aid in their transition.
Blockers - Pharmaceutical medication that blocks a person's naturally occurring
hormones, usually testosterone. Common examples include spironolactone,
bicalutamide, and finasteride. This can also refer to drugs that block puberty so that
potentially trans children have time to decide whether or not they want to transition.
Bica - Bicalutamide. An anti-androgen that prevents testosterone from reaching cells,
but does not stop it from being produced.
Cypro - Cyprolactone. An anti-androgen that blocks testosterone. It's generally
considered to be a more powerful version of spironolactone.
DHT - Dihydrotestosterone, a hormone that stimulates the development of male
characteristics. It is made through the conversion of the more commonly known
hormone, testosterone. It is also largely responsible for the more undesirable parts of
masculinization, such as male pattern baldness.
Domp - Domperidone, is a medication that induces lactation in women.
Dr Powers - A well-known doctor who specializes in trans health care and has his own
method of hormone replacement therapy that differs from the standard recommended
by WPATH, which is purported to be more effective. Also regarded as a bit of a
crackpot.
DIY - Do It Yourself, usually refers to self-medicating hormone medication.
E - Estrogen
GAHT - Gender Affirming Hormone Therapy
Prog - Progesterone, a female hormone associated with increased sex drive, and
breast growth. Often taken rectally for best results.
Prog Horny - This refers to the increase in sex drive that MTFs often experience after
taking progesterone as part of their hormone replacement therapy.
Monotherapy - A HRT method that uses estrogen alone without the addition of an
androgen blocker. It's a commonly used term within the doctor powers community, a
celebrity trans endocrinologist.
Inhouse pharmacy - An online pharmacy that sells hormone medication without the
need of a prescription.
Lenajuice - The cheap injectable estrogen that is sold by an Ukrainian woman known
as Lena.
SERMs - Selective Estrogen Receptor Modulators. Raloxifene is the best known.
SERMs can promote estrogen uptake in certain receptors, and prevent it in others,
allowing for selective feminization in transfeminine HRT.
WPATH - World Professional Association for Transgender Health, an organization that
has created a standard of care document that is intended to advise medical
professionals on how to administer transition care to transgender patients. Notable for
recommending lower doses of hormones and hormone levels than would be effective
to produce effective results and recommending wait lists as a way of gatekeeping trans
people to make sure they're actually trans.
Pass - The ability or incidence of being regarded by others as a gender, or as
cisgender, without needing to explicitly inform them.
Passoid - a person who passes as the gender they have transitioned into.
Anglefrauding / Anglefagging - Using extreme angles within selfies and photographs
to make yourself pass better than in real life.
Auschwitzmoding - Being extremely skinny and underweight. It is often associated
with eating disorders and trying to lose weight to pass better.
Trannerexia - The tendency to starve one's self in order to be thin and passing as a
trans person.
BDD passoid - A trans person who passes as the gender they identify as but is
convinced that they do not due to their Body Dysmorphic Disorder.
Clock - To spot that somebody is transgender based upon their physical attributes
such as appearance or voice.
Dwarfmoding - This usually refers to FTMs that are embracing being a short hairy
man as a helpful way to improve their passability.
Elfmoding - This usually refers to MTFs that are embracing being a tall skinny woman
as a helpful way to improve their passability.
Fatmaxxing - An MTF that deliberately gains weight to soften her bone structure and
pass more effectively as a female. This can be a surprisingly helpful technique for
certain people.
Luckshit - A trans person with an unfair advantage in their passability due to good
luck, genetics, finances, background, etc.
Malefail - The incidence of a trans woman being treated as a woman when presenting
male in public.
Mogging - When somebody makes another person look bad by being superior in
terms of some physical attribute. For example, height-mogging would be being taller
than a short person, especially a short person who is insecure about their height.
Within 4tran culture, mogging usually refers to outpassing other trans people.
Sussymoder - A trans person who looks suspiciously trans instead of more definitively
cis.
Stealth - The act of maintaining a lifestyle where no one knows that you are
transgender and you are perceived exclusively as your transitioned self. Described by
many as "trading one closet for another".
Weight Cycling - A technique used to accelerate fat redistribution while on hormones,
involving cycles of gaining weight, then cutting weight, to add weight to the areas the
hormones agonize, and remove weight from the areas hormones antagonize. Most
notably used by trans women to promote breast growth.
Repper / Repressor - A person repressing their gender dysphoria and a general need
to transition.
Repfuel - Something which reduces hope in a person who wants to transition to the
point that it encourages them to repress their urges further.
Egg - A person who does not yet realize they are trans. The act of realizing they are
trans is referred to as "hatching".
Desister - People who considered themselves trans and/or underwent transition that
ultimately decided to permanently cease identifying as trans and medically
transitioning. Very rare. 1-6 in 1000 trans people are said to permanently desist.
Detrans - A trans person who detransitions and reverts back to the gender they were
assigned at birth. A detransitioner may later decide to retransition. Only a small
proportion of detrans people are desisters and most people who detransition do so due
to transphobia.
Enby cope - When a person is either not ready to accept that they are MTF/FTM or
cannot pass as such, so they tell themselves and other people that they are non-binary
instead because it's more comfortable than the alternative. Nonbinary people are
frequently accused of enbycope as a way of dismissing their nonbinary identity,
because 4chan doesn't really believe in nonbinary people.
Femboycope - When a trans woman is either not ready to accept that they are MTF or
cannot pass as such, so they tell themselves and other people that they are a femboy
instead because it's more comfortable than the alternative.
Permamanmoder - An MTF trans woman who is in a state of permanently presenting
as a man due to repression, not being out yet, or any number of other potential
reasons.
Digit ratio - The amount of length difference between your middle and ring finger. This
is supposedly affected by fetal exposure to hormones, particularly testosterone and
other androgens. It is also said to correlate with gayness and gender identity.
Canthal tilt - This refers to the angle of a person's eyes. According to incel culture, a
negative canthal tilt is an extremely unattractive feature on men, as it looks droopy and
unintimidating.
Girlcock - A tongue-in-cheek name for the penis of a trans woman. Also referred to as
"gock" or "girldick".
FWHR - Facial width to height ratio, a measure derived from archaeological skull
measurements. FWHR may be linked with adolescent testosterone.
Facial planes - a measurement of the bony profile of the face. This term is typically
used in the context of referring to whether or not the structure of a person's face is
masculine or feminine.
Midface - shorthand for the section of face spanning from the mouth to the eyes. A
shorter midface appears more feminine, and a longer one is more masculine. Among
4tranners, this is said to be extremely important for passing to the point that a person
is doomed if they do not have the right shaped midface. The midface is extremely
expensive and painful to adjust with surgery, even among gender-affirming facial
surgeries.
Gridlock - A word that many trans women easily mistake for "girldick".
Peener - a penis.
Radial Spacing of Pores - An esoteric means of clocking trans people by looking at
the spacing of their pores. AFAB individuals supposedly have evenly spaced pores,
whereas AMAB individuals supposedly have diamond-shaped spacing.
Norwood scale - The Norwood scale (or Hamilton-Norwood scale) is the leading
classification system used to measure the extent of male pattern baldness.
Sanpaku - a Japanese term that refers to being able to see the full white of a person's
eyes either above or below the iris.
FFS - Facial Feminization Surgery
FMS - Facial Masculinization Surgery
SRS - Sexual reassignment surgery. The surgical procedure of having your genitals
rearranged into a neovagina or neopenis.
Dilate - The act of inserting medical dilators into a neo-vagina to prevent it from closing
up and becoming unusable. This has to be done on a daily basis for long periods of
time after sexual reassignment surgery. Used as an insulting command by transphobic
people in a way similar to "cope" or "seethe".
DIY Orchi - Do It Yourself Orchiectomy. The act of cutting off your own testicles.
Frankencock/Frankendick - An FTM's surgically created neo-penis.
Neovag - A neovagina. A surgically constructed vagina.
Bonepill - The internalized transphobic fear that one will not pass due to their bone
structure.
Pinkpill - Where the redpill refers to someone realizing a truth about the world, pinkpill
refers to someone realizing they are trans, usually a trans woman. Pinkpilling someone
refers to making someone realize they are transgender. Sometimes used in a
fetishized context. The original Red Pill from the movie The Matrix, was intended to be
a parallel to the red pill form of Premarin, an early pill form of Estrogen for HRT.
Shoulderpilled - Internalized transphobic fear that one will not pass due to their
shoulders being too wide or too small to match their gender identity.
Skullpilled - Internalized transphobic fear that one will not pass due to their skull being
the wrong shape.
TERF - Trans Exclusionary Radical Feminist. An AFAB cis feminist who supports
women's rights at the complete exclusion of trans women, who are perceived to be
predatory men invading women's spaces.
TERF pipeline - similar to the more well-known alt-right pipeline, refers to the
consumption of increasingly extreme ideological content that starts with general
feminism but gradually converts a person into a TERF.
Autogynesmile - A TERF term that insists that trans women smile in an unnatural and
unfeminine way that is both creepy and threatening. There is also a classic TERF song
called "never smile at an autogynephile".
Peak Trans - A TERF term for the moment when a TERF has had enough of trans
people and decides to become a TERF.
Peaking - A TERF term for causing a peak trans moment for another person by
attempting to convince them that trans women are all rapists and murderers.
Rogd - Rapid Onset Gender Dysphoria. A term coined by Lisa Littman after
conducting a survey of parents which established that most parents were unaware
their kid was trans before the kid came out to them, and attempted to use this to argue
that transgender identity can be propagated as a social contagion. It has never been
recognized by any major professional association as a valid mental health diagnosis,
and its use has been discouraged by the American Psychological Association, the
American Psychiatric Association, the World Professional Association for Transgender
Health, and other medical organizations due to a lack of reputable scientific evidence
for the concept.
TIF - Trans Identified Female. The TERF term for an FTM.
TIM - Trans Identified Male. The TERF term for an MTF.
IITS - Ideology Induced Transsexual. Someone who is purported to not really be trans,
just identifies as such due to social contagion.
Spinster.xyz - TERF Mastodon instance.
Giggle - A social network app that attempts to use facial recognition to only allow cis
women to register. The facial recognition is inaccurate and allows many trans women
to register, and prevents many cis women from registering, especially Women of Color.
The creator is a TERF and will personally ban any trans woman she discovers using
the app, and uses the social network to promote anti-trans rhetoric.
Mumsnet - British parent support forum that has overwhelmingly become a home for
TERFs.
Ovarit - TERF website modeled on Reddit.
Cinderblockhon - A tripcode user who was famous for posting voraciously about their
unlikelihood of passing.
Contrapoints / Hontrapoints / Hontra - A trans woman YouTuber named Natalie
Wynn.
Evie Amati - An australian trans woman who is a literal axe murderer.
Gamestop lady - A trans woman who went viral after being repeatedly misgendered in
a GameStop and instigating a confrontation over it as well as correcting the people
misgendering her. The video is easy to look up.
Hunter - refers to Hunter Schafer, a trans actress
John 50 - A "50 year-old genetic male" that was used as a case study within an article
known as "The Gender Variant Phenomenon--A Developmental Review". Within this
article, he is said to have broken down due to decades of repressing his gender
dysphoria. He is often used as an example of what a person will become if they
repress their gender dysphoria into their old age.
PhilosophyTube / TOOB / Tube - A trans woman YouTuber named Abigail Thorne.
Randy Stair - A mass shooter, also known by the pseudonym, Andrew Blaze.
Identified as a trans woman, idolized the Columbine shooters, and had an obsession
with the character Ember from the TV show, Danny Phantom.
Sub - Shorthand for submissive, a person who prefers to assume a submissive role
within sexual, romantic, or general interpersonal situations.
Dom - A person who takes the dominant role during relationships, sex, or
BDSM-oriented activities. Not necessarily the same thing as a top.
Top - A phrase used by lesbians and gay men, referring to who engages in penetration
during sexual encounters. Doesn't necessarily overlap with Dom.
Bottom - A person who prefers to receive penetration and be generally more
submissive during sex. As opposed to a top that prefers giving penetration and taking
a more dominant role.
Sapphic - refers to a woman of any sexual orientation attracted to other women.
Bipedo - a term for a bisexual that is attracted to primarily feminine features, ie
someone who prefers women and feminine-looking men. These are also the sorts of
men who tend to look young (18 to mid-20s), so they get accused of going after "barely
legal" types.
Bisexual A/Bisexual B - one of them is an attraction to the extreme ends of the
masculinity/feminity spectrum, and the other is an attraction to the middle
(androgynous people). We have no idea which is which.
Psuedobisexual - Pseudobisexuals are people who claim to be bisexual that only
ever date or sleep with one gender. Otherwise, see meta-attraction.
Gay death - The idea that when a gay person reaches around 30 years old, no one
will be interested in them anymore because they are old now and gay people are so
supposedly shallow they won't date anyone who isn't young. This is the gay version of
"hitting the wall", an incel term that refers to cis women reaching 30 and suddenly
being so old that no man will date her.
Cisbian - A cisgendered woman who is attracted to other women. This term is usually
used to differentiate from transbians.
giwtwm - "God I wish that were me"
Take your pills Alice - A copypasta meme phrase used to either inform an egg that
they should follow through and transition, or to reassure someone having doubts that
they should continue their transition.
Take your shots Ayden - The FTM equivalent of "Take your pills Alice". Used to
encourage FTMs to follow through with their transition.
Would transition have saved her? - A copypasta meme phrase. Unironically used to
refer to people identified as probable eggs that died before transitioning, and ironically
used to apply said context to people who it would be absurd to imply are trans.
Monday morning, hairs a mess, no makeup, how do i look? - A copypasta meme
phrase, used to downplay a selfie as not being their best effort.
Simple as - Idiom implying something is so basic, it's unquestionable.
What would you do if you saw a boymoder ___ and being ___? - Copypasta meme
phrase with long descriptive sentences filling in the blanks. The stock reply is, "tire
iron".
Spinny - "Dress Go Spinny", also referred to as "Skirt Go Spinny", is a popular
catchphrase used in the LGBT community. The phrase is used as a tongue-in-cheek
way to deflect criticism or inquiries as to why a trans woman transitioned, similar to
how "Money Printer Go Brr".
Tire iron - Part of a running gag around engaging in slapstick antics to punish a
boymoder for engaging in over-the-top trans hijinks.
Cis - A cis person who identifies as the gender they were assigned at birth.
Cishon - A cis woman who is masculine enough in her appearance that she
sometimes gets mistaken as a trans woman.
Cispooner - A cis man who is feminine enough in his appearance that he sometimes
gets mistaken as a trans man.
Cissy - A humorous and slightly derogatory term that refers to cis people. It seems to
be a play on the word sissy.
Female brained females - A cis woman who is naturally feminine in their personality,
lifestyle, and brain structure.
41% - this refers to the number of transgender people that supposedly commit suicide.
In reality, 41% is considered to be the attempt rate, not the success rate. It is
commonly blurted out in trans threads as a contextless insult from conservatives.
ACK - an onomatopoeia for the sound somebody makes during a hanging, and is often
used to cut short sentences or quotes, indicating that the person was hanged before
the end of the sentence.
An Hero - The act of committing suicide, or used to refer to someone who has
committed suicide. Ancient 4chan meme based on a grammatical mistake in a poem
about a kid who committed suicide.
BDD - Body Dysmorphic Disorder, a mental illness involving obsessive focus on a
perceived flaw in appearance. The flaw may be minor or imagined.
Rope - To commit suicide, usually by hanging.
It's over - Something terrible has happened, I will never recover, and all hope is lost.
Incorrigible - A negative aspect of a person that is not able to be corrected, improved,
or reformed.
QuadT - Another name for /tttt/, quad-t. For further clarification, /tttt/ has become a
nickname for the /lgbt/ imageboard on 4chan as it is primarily filled with trans people.
Blahaj - A shark plushie from Ikea that has become a meme among trans women and
the general LGBT community.
FO:NV - Fallout New Vegas, a game popular among trans women.
Hoi4 - Hearts of Iron 4, a game popular among trans women.
Bloatmaxxing - A physical appearance within bodybuilding that involves a mixture of
being both simultaneously fat and muscular.
Bara - A Japanese term for a genre of art that focuses on men loving men usually
created by gay men for a gay audience. Usually implied to be masculine muscled men.
Malding - Malding is a combination of "mad" and "balding" to refer to someone who
gets so mad that they start balding.
Sneed - A reference to a joke in a Simpsons episode. It is also used as a stand-in for
the word seethe.
Pipeline - A social structure that conveys people toward certain viewpoints. Used
jokingly to imply that there is some sort of social structure that influenced a transition
from any starting identity to any endpoint identity. Ie. "country boy to emo girl pipeline".
END - END